this branch is for ws28xx driver development.

the weewx trunk should contain what is considered the latest stable driver.

eddi-*   - these directories contain partial clones of eddi's git repository
           https://github.com/dpeddi/ws-28xx.git

mwall    - various iterations by matthew wall

  0.17 - unstable, default to auto for dump formatting
  0.16 - unstable, do set time messages always;
                   added auto formatting for dumps
  0.15 - unstable, fix gust value when setting config;
                   clear alarm flags to avoid lost connection;
                   minor refactoring of config code
  0.14 - unstable, fix wind direction flags
  0.13 - unstable, added check for gust max overflow/error;
                   use specific exceptions in except clauses;
                   be more pythonic about len(x);
                   consolidate error/overflow checks;
                   change message length of read/write wind/gust to 6 bytes;
                   fix exception in log of GetHistory WindDirection of None
  0.12 - stable, released to trunk for weewx 2.5a1
  0.11 - unstable, fix wind overflow/error
  0.10 - unstable, more threading improvements;
                   begin consolidation of checksums;
                   replace if-else with try-except
  0.9  - unstable, more documentation tweaks;
                   adjust log levels;
                   hack to block generateResponse fails;
                   add support for multiple weather stations;
                   divide toWindspeed_3_1 by 10
  0.8  - unstable, clean up thread termination;
                   fix config frame timing;
                   fix traceback formatting;
                   remove more dead code
  0.7  - unstable, refactored methods for thread-safety;
                   better handling of sigTERM;
                   added debug options in weewx.conf;
                   cache file is now optional, reducing writes on flash drives
  0.6  - unstable, improved logging for timing diagnoses
  0.5  - unstable, include luc's tweaks from 28sep2013
  0.4  - unstable, merge of luc's v15 and 0.2
  0.3  - unstable, merge of luc's v11 and 0.2
  0.2  - stable, from trunk r1343 (weewx 2.4.0+)
  r563 - early packaging of eddi's code into weewx structure

luc      - various iterations by lucas heijst

  v15
  The skipping of a double received History message throwed an exeption
  in doRF: local variable 'Data' referenced before assignment. As this
  happens rarely and nothing is done withe the data, I skipped this
  skipping. :-) Also removed some unused test code in module getState.

  v14
  - fine tuned dedicated timing
  - the history interval is changed from 24 hours to 60 minutes
  - skip handling of Current Data and History messages when previous messages
    are received within 3 seconds
  - removed detection of double messages in getFrame

  The best timing for reading History Data is an initial wait of 380 ms
  followed by succesive waits of 200 ms. This timing is also good for
  receiving Current data. Disadvantage is that regularly a double message
  is received 380 ms after the previous message. The handling of double
  messages (received within 3 seconds) is therefore skipped.

  The getConfig and SetConfig calls need several tries (1-10 typical) before
  the communication is succesful. As long as getConfig is not succesful, de
  collection of data will not start effectively. The setconfig call is only
  executed when the output config buffer differs from the current config
  buffer. Initally this will be (one time) for the History Interval which
  will be set to 1 hour (hi60MIN=6).

  v13
  I have been testing version 13 of my driver a couple of days. With
  HistoryInterval set to hi24Std the History records come once per day.
  Unfortunately it comes synchronised with the WS clock at 00:00. A moment
  the Raspbery PI becomes very busy with all kinds of tasks.
  Because of this the history record was not read in time and synchronisation
  was lost. At 01:00 the commuication started again as expected.

  I'm trying another concept now. The driver doesn't request anymore for the
  next history record (to come), but the most recent history record (which is
  instant available).
  The only reason for requesting history records is to keep up synchronisation.

  There is no need for you to test version 13 any longer. As soon as I have
  found a better synchronisation, I will get in touch with you.
